README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">MS2 Project - Put a Pin In It</h1>

[View the live project here.](https://rdylanward.github.io/putapininit.com/index.html)

The scope of the project was to design a fictional travel website that calls on the Google Maps API and/or the Google Places API (or similar) to allow users to search for their next holiday destination using HTML5, CSS3 and JScript (JQuery optional) technologies. To be included in the site would be interactive features and images of members enjoying the use of member services.

-   ### Responsive Screenshots

    -   #### iPhone 6-7-8 (375 x 677)

    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>
    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>

    -   #### iPhone X (375 x 812)

    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>
    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>

    -   #### iPad (768 x 1024)

    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>
    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>

    -   #### MacBook Air (1440 x 990)

    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>
    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>

    -   #### 24" Monitor (1920 x 1080)

    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>
    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>

## User Experience (UX)

-   ### User stories

    -   #### First Time Visitor Goals

        1. - FUTURE TEST PARAMETERS HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST PARAMETERS HERE -
        3. - FUTURE TEST PARAMETERS HERE -
        4. - FUTURE TEST PARAMETERS HERE -

    -   #### Returning Visitor Goals

        1. - FUTURE TEST PARAMETERS HERE -
        1. - FUTURE TEST PARAMETERS HERE -

    -   #### Frequent User Goals
        1. - FUTURE TEST PARAMETERS HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST PARAMETERS HERE -
        3. - FUTURE TEST PARAMETERS HERE -

-   ### Design
    -   #### Colour Scheme
        -   Colour scheme being determined
    -   #### Typography
        -   Montserrat was chosen as the main font as it complimented the design. Sans Serif was chosen as the back-up in the event the main font does not load. Future changes to typography possible.
    -   #### Imagery
        -   TBD

*   ### Wireframes

    -   Home Page Wireframe A - [View](https://github.com/rdylanward/thegym.com/blob/master/assets/docs/wireframes/test.pdf)

    -   Home Page Wireframe B - [View](https://github.com/rdylanward/thegym.com/blob/master/assets/docs/wireframes/test.pdf)

    -   About Us Page Wireframe - [View](https://github.com/rdylanward/thegym.com/blob/master/assets/docs/wireframes/test.pdf)

    -   Classes Page Wireframe - [View](https://github.com/rdylanward/thegym.com/blob/master/assets/docs/wireframes/test.pdf)

    -   Gallery Page Wireframe - [View](https://github.com/rdylanward/thegym.com/blob/master/assets/docs/wireframes/test.pdf)

    -   Membership Page Wireframe - [View](https://github.com/rdylanward/thegym.com/blob/master/assets/docs/wireframes/test.pdf)

    -   Contact Page Wireframe - [View](https://github.com/rdylanward/thegym.com/blob/master/assets/docs/wireframes/test.pdf)

## Features

-   ### Responsive on all device sizes
    -   #### Major and common devices were chosen for the responsive design, ranging from:
        -   Samsung
        -   Apple
        -   Google
        -   Standard Laptop and Desktop screen sizes

-   ### Interactive elements include:
    -   #### A sticky menu that hides until you start to scroll the page
    -   #### Modals that provide confirmation of the actions taken (i.e. Submitting the completed contact form, signing up for the newsletter and signing up for a membership)

## Technologies Used

### Languages Used

-   [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
-   [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets)
-   [JScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JScript)

### Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

1. [CSS Grid:](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_grid.asp)
    - CSS Grid was chosen over Bootstrap for its ability to provide more precise control over responsive design.
1. [Google Fonts:](https://fonts.google.com/)
    - Google fonts were used to import the 'Montserrat' and 'IM Fell English' font into the style.css file which is used on all pages throughout the project.
1. [Font Awesome:](https://fontawesome.com/)
    - Font Awesome was used for the brand. the bullet points on the membership page and for the quotes used throughout.
1. [jQuery:](https://jquery.com/)
    - jQuery was essential for enabling the interactive elements like the sticky menu and hiding/unhiding the modals.
1. [Brackets:](http://brackets.io/)
    - Brackets was chosen over GitPod for the coding of the site. Brackets has a great set of features for programming multiple languages and connects directly to GitHub.
1. [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
    - Git was used in conjunction with Brackets for version control to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
1. [GitHub:](https://github.com/)
    - GitHub utilised as a repository for the code.
1. [GIMP:](https://www.gimp.org/)
    - Gimp (Graphic Image Manipulation Program) was used for resizing cropping and editing images for the website.
1. [Autoprefixer:](http://autoprefixer.github.io/)
    - Autoprefixer was used to ensure the code has all relevant vendor prefixes.
1. [Tiny PNG:](https://tinypng.com/)
    - Tiny PNG was used to reduce the file size of the images to aid in faster loading times.
1. [Pexels:](https://www.pexels.com/)
    - Pexels was used to obtain royalty free images for the site.
1. [Burst:](https://burst.shopify.com/)
    - Burst was used to obtain royalty free images for the site.
1. [Flat UI Colors 2:](https://flatuicolors.com/)
    - Flat UI was used to choose the base color for the palette.
1. [Paletton:](https://paletton.com/)
    - Paletton was used to create the colour palette for the site.
1. [0to255.com:](https://www.0to255.com/)
    - 0to255 was used to determine certain shades of the colours while maintaining the palette.
1. [Devoth‘s HEX 2 RGBA Color Calculator:](http://hex2rgba.devoth.com/)
    - Devoth‘s HEX 2 RGBA Color Calculator was used to aid in converting hex colurs to rgb and rgba.
1. [Responsively:](https://responsively.app/)
    - Responsively provides an array of virtual devices to test a website's responsive design.

## Testing

The W3C Markup Validator and W3C CSS Validator Services were used to validate every page of the project to ensure there were no syntax errors in the project.

-   [W3C Markup Validator](https://validator.w3.org/) - [Results](https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/tree/master/assets/docs/validation/html5)
-   [W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/#validate_by_input) - [Results](https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/tree/master/assets/docs/validation/css3)

### Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section

-   #### First Time Visitor Goals

    1. As a First Time Visitor, I want to find out about The Gym and its staff.

        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        3. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        3. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

    2. As a First Time Visitor, I want to find out what services and/or classes The Gym provides.

        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        3. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        4. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        5. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

    3. As a First Time Visitor, I want to find out what memberships are on offer and their associated costs if I so desire to join.
        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        3. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        4. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        5. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        6. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

    4. As a First Time Visitor, I want to find out how to contact The Gym if I have any queries or concerns so that they may be answered.
        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        3. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        4. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        5. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

-   #### Returning Visitor Goals

    1. As a Returning Visitor, I want to identify social links and join the community.

        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

    2. As a Returning Visitor, I want to sign up for a membership.

        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        3. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        4. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        5. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

-   #### Frequent User Goals

    1. As a Frequent User, I want to keep aprised of any changes to the services and/or classes.

        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

    2. As a Frequent User, I want to sign up to the email Newsletter to follow the progress of The Gym.

        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

    3. As a Frequent User, I want to contact the staff regarding any queries or issues.
        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        3. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        4. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        5. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

### Further Testing

-   The Website was tested on Google Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge and Safari browsers.
-   The website was viewed on a variety of devices such as Desktop, Laptop, iPhone6, iPad & Samsung Note 10+.
-   All menu links were tested across all pages to ensure that they all go to the correct page.
-   All of the buttons were tested, across all pages, to ensure that they go to the links specified or carried out the desired action.

### Known Bugs

-   No bugs determined as of yet
-   No bugs determined as of yet
-   No bugs determined as of yet
-   No bugs determined as of yet

### Future Development

-   No future development needed
-   No future development needed
-   No future development needed
-   No future development needed

## Deployment

### GitHub Pages

The project was deployed to GitHub Pages using the following steps...

1. Log in to GitHub and locate the [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/rdylanward/thegym.com)
2. At the top of the Repository (not top of page), locate the "Settings" Button on the menu.
    - Alternatively Click [Here](https://guides.github.com/features/pages/) for a tutorial on the process starting from Step 2.
3. Scroll down the Settings page until you locate the "GitHub Pages" Section.
4. Under "Source", click the dropdown called "None" and select "Master Branch".
5. The page will automatically refresh.
6. Scroll back down through the page to locate the now published site [link](https://rdylanward.github.io/thegym.com/index.html) in the "GitHub Pages" section.

### Forking the GitHub Repository

By forking the GitHub Repository we make a copy of the original repository on our GitHub account to view and/or make changes without affecting the original repository by using the following steps...

1. Log in to GitHub and locate the [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/rdylanward/thegym.com)
2. At the top of the Repository (not top of page) just above the "Settings" Button on the menu, locate the "Fork" Button.
3. You should now have a copy of the original repository in your GitHub account.

### Making a Local Clone

1. Log in to GitHub and locate the [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/rdylanward/thegym.com)
2. Under the repository name, click "Clone or download".
3. To clone the repository using HTTPS, under "Clone with HTTPS", copy the link.
4. Open Git Bash
5. Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made.
6. Type `git clone`, and then paste the URL you copied in Step 3.

```
$ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY
```

7. Press Enter. Your local clone will be created.

```
$ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY
> Cloning into `CI-Clone`...
> remote: Counting objects: 10, done.
> remote: Compressing objects: 100% (8/8), done.
> remove: Total 10 (delta 1), reused 10 (delta 1)
> Unpacking objects: 100% (10/10), done.
```

Click [Here](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository#cloning-a-repository-to-github-desktop) to retrieve pictures for some of the buttons and more detailed explanations of the above process.

## Credits

### Code

-   The Javascript for the modals was originally written by [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_modals.asp) and repurposed to aid in the function of the modal.

-   The HTML for the click function of membership card buttons was acquired from [Grepper](https://www.codegrepper.com/code-examples/html/html+button+with+link), html by PR.Gaultier (01/10/2020), and repurposed to aid in the click function of the button.

-   The Javascript for the Sticky Menu was originally written by [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_navbar_sticky.asp) and repurposed to aid in the function of the sticky menu.

-   The Javascript for the Mobile Menu was originally written by [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_mobile_navbar.asp) and repurposed to aid in the function of the mobile menu.

-   GitHub instructions provided in the Development section of this ReadMe was provided by [GitHub](https://github.com/) and [Code Institute](https://codeinstitute.net/) with links updated to this project.

### Content

-   All content was written and edited by Dylan Ward using the [Brackets](http://brackets.io/) editor.

-   Colour pallettes were chosen with the aid of [Paletton](https://paletton.com/), [Flat UI Colors 2](https://flatuicolors.com/) and [0to255.com](https://www.0to255.com/).

### Media

-   All images were provided, royalty free, by [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/) and [Burst](https://burst.shopify.com/).

-   The screenshots for the virtual device views of the website at the beginning of this document were captured with the aid of [Responsively](https://responsively.app/).

-   Image manipulation was completed with the aid of [GIMP](https://www.gimp.org/) and [Tiny PNG](https://tinypng.com/).

### Acknowledgements

-   My Mentor, Gerard McBride, for continuous support and timeless advice keeping me on the right track.

-   The Tutor support at Code Institute for their support in times of need and aiding in answering all queries.

Commit message:

Updating README.md when ran into errors with JScript Validator. Trying to resolve.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">MS2 Project - Put a Pin In It</h1>

[View the live project here.](https://rdylanward.github.io/putapininit.com/index.html)

The scope of the project was to design a fictional travel website that calls on the Google Maps API and/or the Google Places API (or similar) to allow users to search for their next holiday destination using HTML5, CSS3 and JScript (JQuery optional) technologies. To be included in the site would be interactive features and images of members enjoying the use of member services.

-   ### Responsive Screenshots

    -   #### iPhone 6-7-8 (375 x 677)

    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>
    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>

    -   #### iPhone X (375 x 812)

    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>
    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>

    -   #### iPad (768 x 1024)

    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>
    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>

    -   #### MacBook Air (1440 x 990)

    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>
    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>

    -   #### 24" Monitor (1920 x 1080)

    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>
    <h2 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/blob/master/assets/docs/screenshots/temp.jpg"></h2>

## User Experience (UX)

-   ### User stories

    -   #### First Time Visitor Goals

        1. - Introduce the site and welcome new users -
        2. - Describe to new users who the owners are and there ethos -
        3. - Provide a basic description of the features -
        4. - Provide new users with clear and concise navigation throughout the site -
        5. - Get new users to try the map feature and explore new destinations and plan activities -
        6. - Provide the opportunity for new users to book a holiday destination -

    -   #### Returning Visitor Goals

        1. - Steer returning clients to the destinations page to explore new destinations -
        2. - Ensure that returning clients can book further holidays -
        3. - Enable users to sign-up for the company newsletter to receive holiday reviews, current deals, and company news -

    -   #### Frequent User Goals
        1. - Enable clients to explore further holiday destinations -
        2. - Enable clients to book further holidays -

-   ### Design
    -   #### Colour Scheme
        -   I chose  a light colour scheme based on a light blue (Peter River) to give a holiday kind of feel to the site with a bright colour scheme.
    -   #### Typography
        -   Two fonts were chosen as for the project, Amatic SC and Architects Daughter. Both fonts are handwriting style fonts chosen to give a postcard feel to the site. Sans Serif was chosen as the back-up in the event the main font does not load. Future changes to typography possible.
    -   #### Imagery
        -   Multiple images based on travel were chosen with a combination of images based on maps and actual destinations. One of the images is of a traveller overlooking a valley chosen to represent one of the owners of the fictional company.

*   ### Wireframes

    -   Wireframes PDF File - [View](https://github.com/rdylanward/thegym.com/blob/master/assets/docs/wireframes/MS2 Wireframes.pdf)

## Features

-   ### Responsive on all device sizes
    -   #### Major and common devices were chosen for the responsive design, ranging from:
        -   Samsung
        -   Apple
        -   Google
        -   Standard Laptop and Desktop screen sizes

-   ### Interactive elements include:
    -   #### A sticky menu that hides until you start to scroll the page
    -   #### Modals that provide confirmation of the actions taken (i.e. Signing up for the newsletter, booking a holiday and contacting the company)

## Technologies Used

### Languages Used

-   [HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
-   [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets)
-   [JScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JScript)

### Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

1. [CSS Grid:](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_grid.asp)
    - CSS Grid was chosen over Bootstrap for its ability to provide more precise control over responsive design.
1. [Google Fonts:](https://fonts.google.com/)
    - Google fonts were used to import the 'Montserrat' and 'IM Fell English' font into the style.css file which is used on all pages throughout the project.
1. [Font Awesome:](https://fontawesome.com/)
    - Font Awesome was used for the brand. the bullet points on the membership page and for the quotes used throughout.
1. [jQuery:](https://jquery.com/)
    - jQuery was essential for enabling the interactive elements like the sticky menu and hiding/unhiding the modals.
1. [Brackets:](http://brackets.io/)
    - Brackets was chosen over GitPod for the coding of the site. Brackets has a great set of features for programming multiple languages and connects directly to GitHub.
1. [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
    - Git was used in conjunction with Brackets for version control to commit to Git and Push to GitHub.
1. [GitHub:](https://github.com/)
    - GitHub utilised as a repository for the code.
1. [GIMP:](https://www.gimp.org/)
    - Gimp (Graphic Image Manipulation Program) was used for resizing cropping and editing images for the website.
1. [Autoprefixer:](http://autoprefixer.github.io/)
    - Autoprefixer was used to ensure the code has all relevant vendor prefixes.
1. [Tiny PNG:](https://tinypng.com/)
    - Tiny PNG was used to reduce the file size of the images to aid in faster loading times.
1. [Burst:](https://burst.shopify.com/)
    - Burst was used to obtain royalty free images for the site.
1. [Flat UI Colors 2:](https://flatuicolors.com/)
    - Flat UI was used to choose the base color for the palette.
1. [Paletton:](https://paletton.com/)
    - Paletton was used to create the colour palette for the site.
1. [0to255.com:](https://www.0to255.com/)
    - 0to255 was used to determine certain shades of the colours while maintaining the palette.
1. [Devoth‘s HEX 2 RGBA Color Calculator:](http://hex2rgba.devoth.com/)
    - Devoth‘s HEX 2 RGBA Color Calculator was used to aid in converting hex colurs to rgb and rgba.
1. [Responsively:](https://responsively.app/)
    - Responsively provides an array of virtual devices to test a website's responsive design.

## Testing

The W3C Markup Validator and W3C CSS Validator Services were used to validate every page of the project to ensure there were no syntax errors in the project.

-   [W3C Markup Validator](https://validator.w3.org/) - [Results](https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/tree/master/assets/docs/validation/html5)
-   [W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/#validate_by_input) - [Results](https://github.com/rdylanward/putapininit.com/tree/master/assets/docs/validation/css3)

### Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section

-   #### First Time Visitor Goals

    1. As a First Time Visitor, I want to find out about The Gym and its staff.

        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        3. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        3. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

    2. As a First Time Visitor, I want to find out what services and/or classes The Gym provides.

        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        3. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        4. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        5. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

    3. As a First Time Visitor, I want to find out what memberships are on offer and their associated costs if I so desire to join.
        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        3. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        4. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        5. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        6. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

    4. As a First Time Visitor, I want to find out how to contact The Gym if I have any queries or concerns so that they may be answered.
        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        3. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        4. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        5. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

-   #### Returning Visitor Goals

    1. As a Returning Visitor, I want to identify social links and join the community.

        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

    2. As a Returning Visitor, I want to sign up for a membership.

        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        3. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        4. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        5. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

-   #### Frequent User Goals

    1. As a Frequent User, I want to keep aprised of any changes to the services and/or classes.

        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

    2. As a Frequent User, I want to sign up to the email Newsletter to follow the progress of The Gym.

        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

    3. As a Frequent User, I want to contact the staff regarding any queries or issues.
        1. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        2. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        3. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        4. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -
        5. - FUTURE TEST DATA HERE -

### Further Testing

-   The Website was tested on Google Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge and Safari browsers.
-   The website was viewed on a variety of devices such as Desktop, Laptop, iPhone6, iPad & Samsung Note 10+.
-   All menu links were tested across all pages to ensure that they all go to the correct page.
-   All of the buttons were tested, across all pages, to ensure that they go to the links specified or carried out the desired action.

### Known Bugs

-   No bugs determined as of yet
-   No bugs determined as of yet
-   No bugs determined as of yet
-   No bugs determined as of yet

### Future Development

-   No future development needed
-   No future development needed
-   No future development needed
-   No future development needed

## Deployment

### GitHub Pages

The project was deployed to GitHub Pages using the following steps...

1. Log in to GitHub and locate the [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/rdylanward/thegym.com)
2. At the top of the Repository (not top of page), locate the "Settings" Button on the menu.
    - Alternatively Click [Here](https://guides.github.com/features/pages/) for a tutorial on the process starting from Step 2.
3. Scroll down the Settings page until you locate the "GitHub Pages" Section.
4. Under "Source", click the dropdown called "None" and select "Master Branch".
5. The page will automatically refresh.
6. Scroll back down through the page to locate the now published site [link](https://rdylanward.github.io/thegym.com/index.html) in the "GitHub Pages" section.

### Forking the GitHub Repository

By forking the GitHub Repository we make a copy of the original repository on our GitHub account to view and/or make changes without affecting the original repository by using the following steps...

1. Log in to GitHub and locate the [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/rdylanward/thegym.com)
2. At the top of the Repository (not top of page) just above the "Settings" Button on the menu, locate the "Fork" Button.
3. You should now have a copy of the original repository in your GitHub account.

### Making a Local Clone

1. Log in to GitHub and locate the [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/rdylanward/thegym.com)
2. Under the repository name, click "Clone or download".
3. To clone the repository using HTTPS, under "Clone with HTTPS", copy the link.
4. Open Git Bash
5. Change the current working directory to the location where you want the cloned directory to be made.
6. Type `git clone`, and then paste the URL you copied in Step 3.

```
$ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY
```

7. Press Enter. Your local clone will be created.

```
$ git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/YOUR-REPOSITORY
> Cloning into `CI-Clone`...
> remote: Counting objects: 10, done.
> remote: Compressing objects: 100% (8/8), done.
> remove: Total 10 (delta 1), reused 10 (delta 1)
> Unpacking objects: 100% (10/10), done.
```

Click [Here](https://help.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository#cloning-a-repository-to-github-desktop) to retrieve pictures for some of the buttons and more detailed explanations of the above process.

## Credits

### Code

-   The Javascript for the modals was originally written by [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_modals.asp) and repurposed to aid in the function of the modal.

-   The HTML for the click function of membership card buttons was acquired from [Grepper](https://www.codegrepper.com/code-examples/html/html+button+with+link), html by PR.Gaultier (01/10/2020), and repurposed to aid in the click function of the button.

-   The Javascript for the Sticky Menu was originally written by [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_navbar_sticky.asp) and repurposed to aid in the function of the sticky menu.

-   The Javascript for the Mobile Menu was originally written by [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_mobile_navbar.asp) and repurposed to aid in the function of the mobile menu.

-   GitHub instructions provided in the Development section of this ReadMe was provided by [GitHub](https://github.com/) and [Code Institute](https://codeinstitute.net/) with links updated to this project.

### Content

-   All content was written and edited by Dylan Ward using the [Brackets](http://brackets.io/) editor.

-   Colour pallettes were chosen with the aid of [Paletton](https://paletton.com/), [Flat UI Colors 2](https://flatuicolors.com/) and [0to255.com](https://www.0to255.com/).

### Media

-   All images were provided, royalty free, by [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/) and [Burst](https://burst.shopify.com/).

-   The screenshots for the virtual device views of the website at the beginning of this document were captured with the aid of [Responsively](https://responsively.app/).

-   Image manipulation was completed with the aid of [GIMP](https://www.gimp.org/) and [Tiny PNG](https://tinypng.com/).

### Acknowledgements

-   My Mentor, Gerard McBride, for continuous support and timeless advice keeping me on the right track.

-   The Tutor support at Code Institute for their support in times of need and aiding in answering all queries.
